Now if at this point you get to this point in the exercise and you're having problems,
it's going to be worth knowing how to debug Kafka Connect.
So I'm going to pretend like something broke.
I'm going to show you how to get into the Kafka Connect logs where it
will give you detailed information about why it's failing.
So you're going to want to use the tail command and we'll use
dash f to follow and look at var/log.
Then we're going to look into Kafka.
Excuse me. We're going to look into journal/confluent-kafka-connect.service.log.
This is going to show us the logs from Kafka Connect.
This will be included in the notes for this section,
so you don't need to memorize this.
But you can actually watch what Kafka Connect is up to by taking a look at its logs.
So whether it's in this exercise or
it's in your project when you're working with Kafka Connect,
if you're having a problem,
the first place you should look after you've looked at the status URL is
to come into the logs and see if you can diagnose what the issue is.
More often than not, it'll give you a descriptive failure message for you to work with.
Finally, what's actually see that data is showing up in our topic.
So again, we're going to use Kafka topics to list the available topics for us.
You'll simply have connect-purchases.
This is the topic that was created to contain our JDBC source information.
So we're going to do Kafka console consumer, bootstrap server,
localhost 9092, the topic is connect to cash
purchases and we want to make sure we start from the beginning,
because we want to see all the data.
If you look in here, we can see all the data from our database is now present.
So as you can see, working with Kafka Connect,
can save you quite a bit of time.